(PLANE ENGlNE DRONlNG)
(PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)
WOMAN OVER PA: This wiII be
the finaI boarding caII
for FIight 2
to London, Heathrow.
Okay.
(SlGHS)
l'm not even
gonna say it, Kate.
Then it'll be
like l never left.
Okay?
All right.
Okay.
Wait.
l have a really bad
feeling about this.
About the plane?
You think it's
gonna crash?
Don't say that.
No. Look, l know that
we've talked about this
a thousand times,
and we agreed
that going to London
was the right thing to do.
But in my heart,
this feels wrong.
Don't go, Jack.
You mean
don't go at all?
Well, what about
my internship?
No, believe me,
l know. . .
l know what an incredible
opportunity this is for you.
For us, Kate.
Right, for us.
But l'm afraid that if
you get on that plane. . .
Look. We're at
the airport.
Nobody ever thinks
clearly at the airport.
So, we should just
trust the decision
we already made.
You've been accepted
to one of the best
law schools in the country.
l've got this internship
at Barclays Bank.
We have a great plan, honey.
You wanna do
something great, Jack?
Let's flush the plan.
Let's start our lives
right now, today.
l mean, l have no idea
what this life is
gonna look like,
but l know that it has
the both of us in it,
and l choose us.
The plan doesn't
make us great, Jack.
What we have together,
that's what makes us great.
(SlGHS)
(MOANS)
l love you, Kate.
l love you, too. l do.
(SlGHS)
And one year in London
is not gonna change that.
A hundred years
couldn't change that.
...economists are projecting,
Ieading to a miId raIIy
in the bond market.
But as yesterday's
trading drew to a cIose,
the profit-takers
stepped in,
sending aII the major
indexes sharpIy Iower
and creating
a note of uncertainty
in the equity market...
WOMAN: Last night
was incredible.
Huh?
l said, last night was great.
You are
an amazing lover.
Thanks. You're not
bad yourself.
l wanna see you again.
l'd like that, too.
Tonight.
lt's Christmas Eve,
Jack.
So? l'll pour
eggnog over you.
(LAUGHS)
(GROWLS)
l have to go visit
my parents out in Jersey.
Jersey?
Do you have any idea
what the traffic's
gonna be like?
That's why l'm
taking the train.
lt was nice
meeting you, Jack.
(lTALlAN ARlA PLAYlNG
ON PLAYER)
(SlNGlNG ALONG)
(SCATTlNG TUNE)
(ELEVATOR BELL DlNGS)
Mrs. Peterson.
Hello, Jack.
You don't have
to stop singing
on my account.
Oh, it's because
l'm shy, Betty.
So, when are you gonna
leave that old corpse,
Mr. Peterson,
and run away with me?
You know you could
never satisfy me
the way he does.
Ah.
(ELEVATOR BELL DlNGS)
Merry Christmas,
Mr. Campbell.
How'd you make out
this year, Tony?
About 4 grand,
and a bottle of
25-year-old scotch from 9D.
l'm putting it all
in commercial paper
like you said.
Good, but just until
the deutsche mark turns.
Thank you,
Mr. Campbell.
All right.
Good morning, Joe.
Merry Christmas, sir.
Campbell wants
these available.
Thanks, Adelle.
Better you
than me.
lf Medtech shares
fall any lower than 43,
we're in trouble with
the stock valuations.
So for God's sake,
please watch
what you say to your
institutional customers.
We still have almost
a full day of trading
before zero hour,
and l don't
want any trouble.
(SlGHS)
A penny for
your thoughts, Alan.
Hmm?
Oh, God, l'm sorry.
Jack, l was
thinking about, you know,
Dee and the kids.
l promised l'd be
home for dinner.
lt's Christmas Eve, Jack.
Hmm. ls that tonight?
(ALL LAUGHlNG)
You think l like being here
on Christmas Eve, Alan?
No. Well, maybe.
(ALL LAUGHlNG)
Okay.
Okay, maybe l do have
a touch of tunnel vision
this holiday season.
But in two days,
we're going to announce
one of the largest mergers
in US corporate history.
When a deal
like this turns up,
you get on it
and you ride it
till it's over.
You don't ask it
for a vacation.
December 26.
After that,
there'll be so much money
floating around here,
it'll be like
Christmas every day.
December 26, people.
lf you'd like to
celebrate that day,
you all have my blessing.
You're right, Jack.
l'm really sorry.
No, l don't want
you to be sorry, Alan.
l want you to be excited.
l want my gift to you
to be the first gift
you open this year.
You know why?
(STAMMERlNG)
Because my gift comes
with 1 0 zeroes.
(ALL LAUGH)
You're right. You're right.
l'm focused. l'm there.
Good man. Everybody,
turn to page 1 2
in your prospectus.
(ALL CHATTERlNG)
You have six
messages.
What?
Two of them
are imperative.
Are you nuts?
l'm going home.
l'm not even here now.
Good night.
Merry Christmas.
lt's only 8:30.
l'm disappointed.
Got some last-minute
shopping to do?
You, too?
This holiday's
about giving, Adelle.
l'm giving everything
l've got to this deal.
So in a way,
l'm more Christmassy
than anybody.
You're my
role model,
Jack.
Oh, and Oxxford called.
Oh, my suits are ready.
Mmm-hmm.
Care for
a Life Saver?
No, thank you.
Help yourself.
(SlGHS)
Kate Reynolds.
Her assistant said
you could reach her
at home after 8:00.
Kate Reynolds
was my girlfriend
in college.
l almost married her.
(LAUGHlNG) You?
Married?
Almost married.
And almost a broker
at E. F. Hutton.
Excuse me?
She didn't want me
to go to London.
We're standing
at the airport
saying goodbye,
and she asked me
to stay.
So you left her.
Wasn't easy.
Oh, stop it.
l'm getting all weepy.
l took the road
less traveled, Adelle.
And look where
it took you.
l'm gonna get this gal
on the phone.
Nope.
You almost married
this woman.
You're not even curious
why she called?
Oh, she's probably
just having a fit
of nostalgia.
You know,
lonely Christmas Eve.
Called the one
that got away.
That kind of thing.
l mean, why call her
back and mislead her?
This happened a very,
very long time ago.
8:35 on Christmas Eve.
Jack Campbell still
at his desk.
Now there's a
Hallmark moment
for you.
Peter, l don't see
you rushing home
to trim the tree.
That's because
l'm a heartless bastard
who only cares
about money.
Well, you know what?
God love you for that.
Got a call
from Terry Haight.
Bob Thomas is nervous.
That'll happen when
you're about to spend
$1 30 billion
on some Aspirin.
(LAUGHS)
Somebody's gotta
nurse him through this.
Why are you staring
at my breasts, Peter?
l need you, tiger.
Where is he?
Aspen.
Call Aunt lrma and
tell her l won't be able
to make it tomorrow.
You're a credit
to capitalism, Jack.
Hey, Peter,
let me ask you
a question.
An old girlfriend
calls you out of the blue
on Christmas Eve.
What do you do?
You suddenly having
trouble getting dates?
Yeah.
(CHUCKLES)
Leave it in the past.
Old flames are
like old tax returns,
put them in the file
cabinet for three years,
and then you
cut them loose.
l'll leave from
my office tomorrow
in the afternoon.
Call the group.
Schedule an emergency
strategy session for noon.
That'll be a nice
little holiday treat.
Good night, Frank.
Hey, Mr. Campbell.
Why didn't you call down?
l would have had Joe
get your ride.
l'm thinking
l'll walk tonight.
lt's a nice night
for it.
l'll send your car
home for you.
That'll be fine.
And merry Christmas
to you, sir.
To you, too.
Eggnog?
Yeah, dairy case.
Five dollar.
Okay.
Hey, yo.
Hey, buster, y'all do
the lotto here, right?
Y'all do
the lotto here?
Yeah.
Cool. 'Cause l got
a winner, baby.
l got a winner.
Ooh. Certified,
good as gold.
l know lotto keep
a lot of brothers down,
but not cash money.
You know what l'm saying?
No, don't do me none,
son, 'cause l'd be like. . .
Bang on the lottery!
You know what l mean?
(LAUGHS) lt's all good.
Relax, son.
l got you. . .
l got you four numbers.
Check it.
Bust it, bust it.
Six, 1 4, 1 6, 49.
That's a winner, son.
$238, B. Cheddar coming.
Check my shit and
give me my money.
l'm sorry.
Your ticket bad.
You draw in the lines.
What are you
talking about, B?
You draw in the lines
with a pencil.
l know about this.
Yo, buster,
check the ticket, son.
Check the ticket.
No, you get out.
Yo, you ain't even
looked at the ticket.
You looking at me, son.
Check the ticket.
You get out now!
You take the ticket
somewhere else!
Next customer in line!
You get out
or l call 91 1 .
Oh, my God !
Check the ticket,
stupid.
Look at the ticket.
Shit, now l'm gonna
make you call God.
That's my word.
You best check
that ticket, fool !
Let me see the ticket.
Was l talking to you?
Maybe l'll buy it
from you.
You know,
make a little
business deal.
"Stupid-ass white boy
in $2,000 suit
"gets capped
trying to be a hero.
"News at 1 1 :00."
That's what
you wanna see?
You wanna see Cash up in here?
You want me to set it, son?
Do you wanna die?
Do you want to die?
No.
Look, l'm talking
about a business deal.
Okay?
l buy the ticket
from you for $200.
l take it to a store
where the guy
behind the counter
doesn't have
a death wish.
l just made myself
a quick $38.
Like l said, it's. . .
lt's just
a business deal.
All right. Yeah.
All right.
You blew it, B.
You blew it.
The ticket was real.
Damn, you had
your chance, too.
Come on, Jack.
Let's get out of here.
How'd you know
my name was Jack?
l call
all you guys Jack.
Here. Nice doing
business with you.
Hey. Hey, um. . .
What do you want to carry
that gun around for anyway?
You're just gonna wind up
doing something you regret.
You're talking to
the wrong person
about regrets, Jack.
l mean, there must
be programs out there
and opportunities.
Wait a minute.
Are you actually trying
to save me?
(LAUGHS)
This is bananas.
This man thinks
l need to be saved, yo!
Well, everybody
needs something.
Yeah?
Well, what do
you need, Jack?
Me?
You just said
everybody needs
something.
l got everything l need.
Wow. lt must be
great being you.
l'm not saying that
you'd be able to do it
without some hard work,
some honest hard work,
and possibly
some medicine.
(LAUGHlNG)
You know, l'm gonna
really enjoy this.
You just remember
that you did this,
Jack, okay?
You brought this
on yourself.
Merry Christmas.
(CHUCKLES)
(CHATTERlNG ON TELEVlSlON)
Mmm, 1 0 more
minutes, Jack.
Mmm. . .
lt's Christmas.
Jingle bells, Santa smells
RudoIph Iaid an egg
(SCATTlNG TUNE)
Oh. Never mind.
Who's here?
(LUCY BARKlNG)
Rise and shine.
Don't you think
we should open
some presents?
KATE: l think maybe
you should give Mama
five more minutes
in bed.
Come on, Dad. Get up.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Can we do that?
(CRYlNG)
Yeah ! lt's Christmas!
lt's Christmas!
Look, your sister's
jumping on the bed.
Let's go downstairs.
What is this dog
doing on the bed?
Lucy, get off this bed.
Did Santa come?
l don't know.
We'll have to go see.
Let's go see
the presents.
You wanna
get some presents?
Just a minute.
Mommy just needs
to wake up.
Jack. Strong coffee.
Oh, Jack.
Merry Christmas, dear.
Lorraine. Ed.
Hey, Jack, you old bird dog.
Merry Christmas to you.
Talk to him, Jack.
One day a year away
from the Ponderosa.
l don't think
that's asking too much.
ED: This is who l am.
Tell her, Jack,
for God's sake.
You're the only
one around here
that gets me.
l need some eggnog.
Of course you do,
sweet thing.
lt's almost 8:00
in the morning.
Excuse me.
Where you going,
Jack?
Josh, Annie, giddyup!
Big Ed's here.
Where's my car?
Where's my Ferrari?
What?
What the hell
are you talking. . .
What's he
talking about?
You got a Ferrari?
Look. Let me borrow your car
and then l promise
l'll have it returned.
My Caddy?
Drive your own damn car.
Oh, just let him borrow
your precious Cadillac,
for God sakes.
There's a perfectly
good minivan
sitting out there
in the driveway. Here.
What the hell's wrong
with him anyway?
(STARTS ENGlNE)
Tony, thank God !
Sorry, pal.
Entrance is for residents
and guests only.
What? What are
you talking about?
Jack Campbell,
Penthouse C.
What's the matter
with you?
Uh-huh.
Mrs. Peterson, l think
there's something wrong
with our man Tony here.
Who is this man?
Oh, come on.
What is going on with
you two this morning?
ls this like
a Christmas joke?
"Who is this man?"
Well, we're on the co-op
board together, Betty.
And we fought side by side
for garbage disposals.
And every morning
we exchange quasi-sexual
witty banter.
(LAUGHlNG) Okay?
Shall l call the cops?
l'm gonna call the cops.
No, l'm gonna
call the cops!
You're scaring me.
No, no, no, no.
Thank you.
Thank you for not
calling the cops.
Now, l'm going upstairs,
l'm gonna get some sleep.
Then l'll be fine.
Sleep you shall.
Noblesse oblige
isn't dead.
Not yet anyway.
Let's. . .
Let's get you some help.
Surely there's
a shelter somewhere
in this city.
A shelter?
Hey, hey,
are you smacked out
of your head?
l'm the richest man
in this building !
l've got twice
the square footage
you have!
And l'm going upstairs!
Take a walk, pal !
Oh, not cool.
Not cool !
You wanna get cute?
Get cute.
l'm gonna go
to my office.
l'm gonna file a complaint
to the manager
of the building.
l'm gonna have
you fired, Tony.
And, Mrs. Peterson,
you're on notice
with the co-op board !
So you better just stop
whatever this is
that you're doing !
(ENGlNE SPUTTERlNG)
JACK: Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, come on !
(ENGlNE STARTS)
Frank, you won't believe
what's been happening to me.
ls Adelle here yet?
Hold it right there.
Where's Mintz?
The building
is closed, pal.
You have to
come back tomorrow.
Frank, why do l feel
the need to remind you
that l'm Jack Campbell,
president of the company?
Look,
l don't care
who you are.
lt's Christmas,
and like l told you,
the building is closed.
l don't think
you heard me correctly.
l'm Jack Campbell.
Jack Campbell !
President!
Have a nice holiday, man.
(TlRES SCREECHlNG)
(lTALlAN ARlA PLAYlNG
ON CAR STEREO)
That's my car!
Hi, Jack.
You stole my car.
Now, l know this whole thing
is really bizarre to you
and you're
feeling quite shocked,
but just hop in.
l'll explain everything
to you, okay?
Come on.
You're probably gonna
wanna buckle up, Jack.
This thing moves.
(TlRES SCREECHlNG)
What's happening to me?
Breathe into
the bag, Jack.
This kind of thing
makes a lot of guys
have to throw up.
l've seen it
happen before, okay?
So, if you
feel the urge,
you roll down the window
and do it out there.
Now try not to get so
worked up, Jack. Okay?
(GROANlNG)
After all,
you brought this
on yourself.
Brought what on myself?
l didn't do anything !
"l got everything l need."
That sound familiar?
You mean because
you thought l was cocky,
l'm now on
a permanent acid trip?
Bag yourself, Jack.
(SCREAMlNG)
JACK: Oh, my God ! Ah !
The way you intervened
in that store last night,
you did a good
thing there, Jack.
l mean, it was
incredibly impressive
all the way
across the board. . .
Oh, God !
. . .to the upper echelons
of the organization,
let me tell you.
Please just tell me
what's happening to me
in plain English
without the mumbo-jumbo.
This is a glimpse, Jack.
A glimpse?
A glimpse of what?
You're gonna have
to figure that out
for yourself,
and you got
plenty of time.
How much time?
As much time
as it takes,
which in your case
is probably gonna
be considerable.
Okay, look.
Look, l just want
my life back, okay?
Now, what's it gonna take?
You wanna talk turkey?
Let's talk turkey.
How much money?
lt doesn't work like that,
and l can't tell you why.
Why not?
Because you have to
figure this thing out
for yourself.
Are you
listening
to me?
Figure it out,
figure it out.
Figure out what?
Let it come
to you, man.
l don't have time
for this right now.
l'm in the middle
of a deal.
Well, you're working
on a new deal now, baby.
What's this?
Open it.
What is it,
some kind of a signal?
(BELL DlNGS)
Will you come
whenever l ring it?
Now you gotta get out
of the car, Jack.
But what do l do?
l'm sorry.
l just can't spend
any more time with you.
l got some other business
l gotta take care of.
No, you did this to me.
You can't just
leave me like this.
(SlGHS)
Okay.
Look, you wanna
get some air?
Let's get outside,
get some air.
We'll walk and l'll
explain everything
to you, okay?
Thanks, man.
Sure.
Excuse me.
Do you know where
Merrison Street is?
(CHUCKLES)
Jeannie. l found Jack.
Oh, there you are,
stranger.
Where you been?
(CHATTERlNG ON TELEVlSlON)
(SlGHS)
You look terrible.
Truth is, l expected you.
Kate called and asked
if l knew where
you were, so. . .
Oh. l put the Barcalounger
in the center of the room.
lt's throwing
everybody off.
What do you think?
lt's a great room.
Great room.
You and me, buddy,
we know how
to live, huh?
Come on.
Come on, Jack.
Whoo!
(LAUGHlNG)
Come on, buddy.
Take your seat.
Are you okay?
l mean, you take off
Christmas morning
and, you know,
you don't tell anyone
where you're going.
We're friends?
Talk to me.
l'm having
kind of a bad day.
You know,
l read somewhere
that the suicide rate
doubles during the holiday.
What am l saying that for?
You don't wanna hear that.
Come on.
(SlGHS)
ls it. . .
ls it trouble at work?
l. . . l don't think so.
Well, it's
not Kate, is it?
(CHUCKLES)
You see, huh?
lt's like we're inside
each other's heads.
Kate's my wife.
(LAUGHS)
Just keep saying it
over and over again,
Jack, like a mantra.
Keep saying it.
Look, you know,
you fit the profile
exactly.
ln your 30s, house, kids,
financial responsibilities.
You start thinking
this isn't the life
l dreamt about.
Where's the romance,
you know?
Where's
the joie de vivre?
Suddenly every lingerie ad
in the Newark Star-Ledger
represents a life
that you can't have.
lt's just two kids,
right?
(LAUGHS)
Come on. Come on.
All right,
sometimes
it feels like
you gave up
the whole world.
l know that.
But look what you got.
Look at that.
Four bedrooms,
two-and-a-half baths,
a partially finished
basement.
And good kids.
Look. You know what?
You probably don't
wanna hear this
right now.
But remember last summer
when l almost had
that thing
with Arnie, Jr.'s
speech therapist?
You remember
what you said to me?
You said, "Don't screw up
the best thing in your life
"just because
you're a little unsure
about who you are."
Okay?
Go get them, tiger.
Could you
hold on a second?
Oh.
(SNlFFLlNG)
Never mind, because. . .
Because he just walked in.
Thank you.
Do you have
any idea what you
put us through today?
You walk out of here
at 7:30 in the morning.
You don't tell me
where you're going,
or even that you're going.
And l don't see you
till hours later?
l called all
of our friends.
l had the state troopers
looking for you.
l was on the phone
with the hospital,
for God's sakes.
What kind of man
leaves his family
on Christmas morning
without a word
about where he's going?
(YELLlNG) What kind of
a man does that, Jack?
l don't know.
Could you. . .
Could you please
stop yelling at me?
Where were you?
l was in the city.
The city?
New York City?
Yeah.
Why?
(SlGHS)
Because that's
where l live.
Don't start, Jack.
Don't.
Look, you don't
understand.
l woke up
this morning here.
And this is very strange
because this isn't my house.
(GROANS)
And those aren't my kids.
l'm not dad.
(STUTTERlNG)
l'm not a dad.
You're not my wife.
You know what, Jack?
lt's not funny this time
because l am really mad.
l mean, really mad.
l mean it.
l don't even. . .
(BELL DlNGlNG)
What. . .
What's that?
l like it.
Thanks, Dad.
That's mine.
Hey, l need that back.
She took my bell.
You missed
the whole thing,
the pancakes
and the presents.
You spent six hours
putting that bike
together for Annie,
and then you didn't
even get to see
the look on her face
when she opened it.
You missed
Christmas, Jack.
l'm sorry.
(SNlFFLES)
You know,
we don't even have
enough time for this.
And at least you're okay.
l'm okay, we're okay.
But we've gotta
go get dressed
for the Thompson party.
And you are
not wearing that.
l don't care
how hilarious
you think it is.
Party? No, no,
l'm not going
to a party.
You look forward to
this party all year.
What is it
with you today?
Believe me, Kate,
l really don't think
that going to a party
is the right move for me
at the present time.
Okay, fine.
You know what?
Then you just do
whatever you wanna do.
What are you doing?
Telling my mother
that she doesn't have
to stay with the kids.
Why not?
Because you'll be here.
l'll be ready
in 1 0 minutes.
(GROANS)
This is. . .
This is just subpar.
(CHRlSTMAS SONG PLAYlNG)
(BARKlNG)
Here it is.
Lance, here you go.
(DOORBELL RlNGlNG)
Excuse me.
Kate. Jack.
Evelyn.
Come in.
Whew!
Hey, everybody,
Kate and Jack are here.
ALL: Hey!
Jeannie. Whew!
Merry Christmas.
Hey, Jack,
Let's take off
that coat.
Here.
So, like the dress?
Oh, it's lovely.
l thought
l saw you notice it
at the kids' recital.
lt's lovely.
There he is.
Hey, Jack.
Happy holidays, man.
Yeah.
Jack, come on over.
Hey, Jack.
Cheers, baby.
You guys see
Van Horn last night?
Oh, 32 points.
That kid's gonna
take the Nets
to the championship.
The Nets?
Are you kidding?
They suck.
(SCOFFS)
But they're due.
They're certainly due.
So, tomorrow's
the big day, Jackie.
Okay. Why?
My triple bypass.
l'm going under
the knife tomorrow.
l told you that, right?
Triple bypass.
Yeah.
You really think
you should be
eating all that?
Figure l'm going in
for a cleaning tomorrow,
might as well load up
on the fried stuff
tonight, right?
(MEN LAUGHlNG)
ARNlE: That's
good thinking, Bill.
Have another drink,
you know.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Some fried pork,
mashed potatoes.
He'll be dead
by morning.
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
How about
a cigar, Jack?
Oh, no, thank you.
l'm cutting down.
Come on. Come on,
they're American made,
not Cuban.
Oh, really?
Yeah. Come on.
(SNlFFS)
Very nice.
l thought
you'd like them.
Mmm. Mmm.
Superb.
How about you,
Arnie?
l'm all right. Thanks.
Mmm.
Finger food?
No, thank you.
l'm fine.
Oh, come on.
Soon as l put them down,
you're gonna grab a couple.
You always do.
(LAUGHlNG)
No, l'm okay.
l'm okay.
Let me.
They will melt
in your mouth.
No, l'm okay.
Yeah.
(CHUCKLlNG)
Good?
Fabulous.
At the end of
this whole thing,
she made me this
hand-embroidered sweater.
lt was really lovely.
JEANNlE: Oh, how nice.
(LAUGHlNG)
KATE: So l'm
slipping it on
and l notice
that she's misspelled
the word "lawyers."
Uh-oh.
l spent the entire day
walking around
with a sweater that said,
"Nonprofit layers
do it for free."
(ALL LAUGHlNG)
WOMAN: l love it!
So you're a lawyer?
A nonprofit lawyer?
Pro bono.
You don't get paid at all?
Nobody makes a dime?
Jack?
Anywho. . .
(BARKS)
(GROWLlNG)
l better go wake my mom.
There you go.
l don't think so.
She's your dog, Jack.
No, she's not.
You're right.
She's the kids' dog.
Maybe we should
go wake Josh and
make him walk her.
(CHUCKLES)
(PANTlNG)
lf you take a dump
sometime in this century,
then we could go home
where it's warm.
lf l can even remember
how to get home.
You remember,
don't you, girl?
(SlGHS)
(JOSH CRYlNG)
(SHOWER RUNNlNG)
Hello?
(POP SONG PLAYlNG)
(SlNGlNG ALONG)
Hello?
Hey!
What?
That baby's crying.
And?
Don't give me
that look, Jack.
Tuesday's your day
and you know it.
And listen,
try and get Josh to
day care on time, okay?
(JOSH COOlNG)
Yeah.
All right.
(GROANS)
Holy mother of God !
Oh !
Oh.
(SlGHS)
(JOSH FARTS)
(COOS)
You're not really
my dad, are you?
No, l'm not.
l work on Wall Street,
you know,
with the big buildings.
l live in an apartment
with a doorman.
And l can buy
almost anything l want.
This isn't my life.
lt's just a glimpse.
Where's my real dad?
l don't know.
But don't worry.
He loves you,
and l'm sure he'll
be back very soon.
What are you doing?
They did
a pretty good job.
Who did?
The aliens in
the mother ship.
You look just like him.
Thanks.
Slightly better looking
though, right?
Oh, no, you're not gonna
start crying, are you?
l don't think
l could really deal
with that right now.
Do you like kids?
On a case-by-case basis.
Do you know how to
make chocolate milk?
l. . . l think
l could figure it out.
Promise you won't
kidnap me and my brother
and plant stuff
in our brains?
Sure.
(SlGHS)
Welcome to Earth.
(CHlLDREN'S SONG PLAYlNG
ON CAR STEREO)
This is where babies go
when their parents are
at work.
Check.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
Just push
the red button.
Okay.
(JACK GRUNTlNG)
Do l get a receipt
or something?
l have winter camp until 4:00
and ballet class until 5:30.
5:30. Okay.
And try not to be late,
'cause kids
don't like to be
the last one picked up.
Got it. Good tip.
Bye.
Hey, Annie.
Where do l go now?
Big Ed's.
Big Ed's Tires? Why?
'Cause you work there.
You mean l sell tires.
That's what l do.
l'm a tire salesman.
(SCOFFS)
Good Lord !
Morning, Jack.
Hi.
Good morning, Jack.
Hey, Jack.
Jack, my boy.
Hey, guess who
l played bridge with
two nights ago?
Hell, you'll never guess.
One Sydney Potter.
That's Sydney Potter,
CEO, BuyRite Transport.
Only the third biggest
trucking outfit
in the state.
Anywho, he's looking
for a new parts supplier.
We can handle
volume like that,
now can't we, Jack?
l'm gonna have to
get back to you
on that, Ed.
Right on.
(CLlCKS TONGUE)
Excuse me. Do l. . .
Do l have a private office
somewhere in the building?
(LAUGHS)
Sure, Jack.
Where is it?
Oh. Uh, it's. . .
lt's right back. . .
Right back there.
Thank you.
Yeah.
(SlGHS)
(GROANS)
Oh, no.
You must've needed
this every day.
What are you
smiling about?
'88?
l was in London in 1 988.
You never went
to London.
WOMAN OVER PA:
Jack, you're needed
in mag wheeIs.
Customer waiting.
l was the number one
junior sales associate
for E. F. Hutton in 1 988.
Did you know that?
Uh, no. No, l didn't.
That's. . . That's great.
That's the kind of thing
you could really build on,
you know?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
l mean, sales has
always been a feeder
for M&A. Always.
Uh-huh.
Well, look,
here we are. Uh. . .
The mag wheels.
Mag wheels. So. . .
Oh.
Hey, Jack, uh,
are you sure
you're okay?
Well, l'm just
a little confused right now
about why l work here.
Uh. . .
(CHUCKLES)
l just started here
last Tuesday, so. . .
WOMAN ON TV:
The cIosing tip was
a miIdIy buIIish pIus 76.
Much of the market's
action today was fueIed
by the Iatest round
of merger mania
to hit Wall Street,
when GIobaI HeaIth Systems
and Medtech PharmaceuticaI
announced their intentions
to join forces
in a massive $1 22 billion
stock swap deaI,
the Iargest ever in
the heaIth care industry.
When asked about the possibIe
anti-competitive impIications,
Global chairman, Bob Thomas,
referred reporters
to P.K. Lassiter & Company
president, AIan Mintz,
the originaI architect
behind the deaI.
That's my deal !
IronicaIIy,
Mintz first met Thomas
at a Lamaze cIass.
WhiIe coaching
their pregnant wives...
What?
...Mintz and Thomas
struck up a diaIogue,
and two months later,
the deaI with Medtech
was born.
He wasn't the architect!
l'm the architect!
In other news,
U.S. Labor Department
officiaIs announced today
that 275,000 new jobs
were created Iast month...
The kids are asleep.
(LAUGHS)
The kids, hon.
Honey.
Sweetheart,
l said the kids
are asleep.
That's just great.
Those little monkeys
can be a real handful.
Hey, l was watching that.
(TURNS ON STEREO)
Not tonight.
(ROMANTlC SONG PLAYlNG)
(CHUCKLES)
Please leave
my socks alone.
(LAUGHlNG)
Ah. . .
Wait.
You want me.
That is
the general idea, yeah.
Oh, well, maybe we
should grab a bottle
of wine first.
(LAUGHS)
Kind of break the ice.
Yeah, that's very funny.
Look, it's 1 0:30.
By 1 1 :00,
you're gonna be
snoring like a monster,
but that's very sweet.
l'll remember
that for next time.
Okay.
Whatever you say, honey.
(CHUCKLlNG) Yeah.
(MOANlNG)
God, you're beautiful.
Thanks, Jack.
No, l'm serious.
You're really stunning.
This is good stuff.
l want you to
keep this up.
l mean, you were
always a very pretty girl
in college.
There's no question
about that. But this. . .
You've really grown
into a beautiful woman.
How can you do that?
What?
Look at me like you
haven't seen me every day
for the last 1 3 years.
Okay, wait.
Don't move.
Don't look.
Stay right there.
l got something.
(SlGHS)
Good night,
sweetheart.
(TURNS OFF STEREO)
Okay, we're almost
out of here.
ANNlE: Mary Jane's,
Mommy. You promised.
That's right.
l did promise.
Okay. All right.
We're gonna stop
at the kids' shoe
department first,
and then l gotta
pick up my watch
from the battery store.
And then l'm gonna
go to the linen store.
Why don't we go
to all the stores?
Every single store
in this godforsaken
shopping mall.
Wouldn't that
be exciting?
You know what?
Why don't l
take the kids,
and you just stay here
and hang out in
the men's department?
Come on, hon.
lt's perfect
for your frame.
Why don't
you try it on?
l might want to
take an inch out
of the back.
Okay.
Lengthen the sleeve.
You look amazing
in that suit.
l mean, really, wow!
Off the charts. Great.
(LAUGHS)
lt's an unbelievable thing.
Wearing this suit
actually makes me feel
like a better person.
l'm gonna buy it.
lt's $2,400.
Are you out of your mind?
Come on, let's go.
She got those shoes.
Those shoes were $25.
Come on.
Take it off,
all right?
We'll go to the food court
and get one of those
funnel cakes you like.
Here. Daddy's
a crazy guy.
No.
Do you have any idea
what my life is like?
Excuse me?
l wake up in the morning
covered in dog saliva.
l drop the kids off,
spend eight hours
selling tires retail.
Retail, Kate.
l pick the kids up,
walk the dog,
which, by the way,
carries the added bonus
of carting away
her monstrous crap.
l play with the kids,
take out the garbage,
get six hours of sleep,
if l'm lucky.
And then everything
starts all over again.
So. . . So, what's
in it for me?
Where are my. . .
My Mary Jane's?
You know, it's sad
to hear that your life
is such
a disappointment to you.
l can't believe it isn't
a disappointment to you !
Jesus, Kate,
l could have been
a thousand times
the man l became.
l could have been
one of the richest. . .
Forbes...
How could you
do this to me?
let me give up on
my dreams like this?
Really, l want to know.
Who are you?
All right, look.
l'm sorry.
(CLEARlNG THROAT)
l'm sorry l was
such a saint before
and l'm such a prick now!
But maybe l'm just not
the same guy
that l was when
we got married.
You know what?
Maybe you're not.
Because the Jack Campbell
l married would not
need a $2,400 suit
to feel better
about his life.
But l'm telling you,
if that's what it's
gonna take, then buy it.
Jesus! We'll take
the money out of
the kids' college fund.
Forget it.
We'll get a funnel cake.
lt'll be the highlight
of my week.
Listen, l'm really
sorry about that
back in the store.
l don't want to
fight with you.
l just sometimes wonder
how we ended up here,
you know.
l mean, back in college,
did you see us here?
Life has thrown us
a few surprises.
l'll give you that.
lt really has,
hasn't it?
Yeah. So, if you had to,
what would you say
was the biggest surprise?
Just out of curiosity.
l'm just asking.
Well, Annie, for one.
Surprise,
we're pregnant.
Yeah, that must
have been. . .
l mean, that. . .
That was.
That was a very
unexpected moment.
But what are you
gonna do? Mmm?
l think it turned out
all right, don't you?
Yeah. l really like Annie.
Well, good, Jack.
Maybe we'll keep her.
No, l love her.
l love Annie.
l'm just. . .
We had a lot of
good times, didn't we?
Do you remember the place
on Charles Street
where we used to go?
Charles Street?
ln The Village?
When we were living
in Greenwich Village.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Great times.
Great place.
Why did we ever leave?
You can't
really raise a kid
in an apartment
in The Village.
And then there
was the whole trek
out to the hospital.
That didn't help either.
You were great.
l mean, surviving
the heart attack
was one thing.
You had a heart attack?
Hey, Jack, stop that.
'Cause l am. . .
l'm still mad at you.
Who knows what
would have happened
if you hadn't
stepped in
at the store.
That's why l work
for Big Ed.
Yeah.
So, we had a baby,
Big Ed had a heart attack.
Bought that house,
and l've been working
for him ever since.
Sayonara, Wall Street.
Our life in a nutshell.
lf you want to
look at it that way.
How would you
look at it?
A great success story.
What do you say, Jack?
Show them how to do it, baby.
All right, Jack,
we need a strike.
Damn !
Jesus, Jack.
What are you doing?
lt's a league match,
all right?
Where's your
follow through?
Where's your stance?
You know what?
l'm doing the best l can.
BlLL: lt's okay, Jack.
ARNlE: Yeah, it's all right.
Look, why am l so competitive
all the time?
You can still
pick up that spare.
Yeah, looking good.
Take the spare.
Crack them, Jack!
Come on, Jack.
Here we go.
Hurt them.
BlLL: Come on, Jack.
Pick it up.
You're Jack Campbell.
You're better
than the sport.
You shot the rapids
in Kenai.
You ran with the bulls
in Pamplona.
You've jumped
out of an airplane
over the Mojave Desert,
for Christ's sake.
You can do this.
Yes! Victorious!
Ha-ha? Ah-ha?
(LAUGHlNG)
Huh? All right!
High five!
You're up.
Get them.
Hi, Jack.
Evelyn, right?
(LAUGHS) Very funny.
l saw you out
on lane 20.
You got the flu
or something?
Something like
that, yeah.
Need a nurse?
Are you a nurse?
lf that's
what you want.
Hey, wait a minute.
Don't run away.
Are we. . .
Are we what, Jack?
Well. . .
ls there something
going on between us?
Are we finally
being honest?
lt would help me
if we were.
Okay. You're right.
We've been dancing
around this for years.
Here goes.
When l get dressed
for a party,
and l know you're
gonna be there,
let's just say
l don't go strapless
because my husband
likes it.
l've got six sets
of snow tires piled up
in my garage,
and l won't even
drive in the snow.
And our kids
just happen to be
in the same ballet
class every year.
So, if you're asking
whether l'd like it
to be more,
the answer's yes.
Kate would never
have to know.
Do l have your number?
Steve's out of town
with the kids this week.
Why don't you
just stop by?
Hey, Jack.
You're all flushed.
l feel good.
Guess that 71 took
a lot out of you.
No. l just saw
Evelyn Thompson.
She's relentless.
She wants to have
an affair with me.
She said that?
Pretty much.
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
What is it about you?
So, if you would write
her exact address
down there.
You have a pen?
Please.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on. Hold on a second.
You're not actually
thinking about cheating
on Kate, are you?
Well, it wouldn't
really be cheating,
Arnie.
lt's complicated.
Maybe l haven't been
as good a consigliere
as you've been to me, okay?
But hear me out on this.
Okay, a little flirtation
is harmless,
but you're dealing
with fire here,
all right, man?
The Fidelity Bank and Trust
is a tough creditor.
You make
a deposit somewhere else,
they close your account.
Forever, all right?
Arnie, l don't want
your head to explode,
but l'm telling you,
those rules don't
apply to me.
l'm not even. . .
l'm not talking
about rules, Jack,
all right?
l'm talking about. . .
You're. . .
There isn't a guy
in Union County who
wouldn't give his left nut
to be with Kate,
all right?
She's amazing,
and you're gonna
fuck it up.
Just think about that,
all right?
Hey, honey.
How was the game?
Long and boring
and generally pretty sad.
Arnie seemed
to enjoy it.
Sort of.
Hey, where's that
chocolate cake?
Do you mean
this chocolate cake?
That's my piece.
l was saving it
because l got nauseated
by that
precooked mini-mall
rotisserie chicken.
Mmm. Mmm.
lt's good.
Give me that cake.
No way.
Come on.
l'm sorry.
lt's too important to me.
(LAUGHlNG)
Ta-da!
l want that cake!
You want this cake?
l want it.
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
Thank you.
lt's good, right?
Uh-huh.
(LAUGHlNG)
Oh, God !
Are the kids asleep?
Mmm-hmm.
Say it to me, Jack.
What?
You know what
l like to hear.
l know, baby.
l know what
you like to hear.
Then tell me.
Tell me, tell me.
You're a bad girl, baby.
You make me so hot.
What?
Not it?
Nice, Jack.
What?
Sweeping me
off my feet.
You make me hot.
ARNlE ON VlDEO:
What do you say,
everyone?
This is a IittIe
birthday party
for Katie.
Happy birthday, Katie.
ARNlE: Good to
see you kids
stiII together.
Hello, kids.
Happy birthday.
ARNlE: Look at that.
Very exciting.
EveIyn,
you Iook tremendous.
Thank you.
Look what happens
when I do that.
Jack? The man.
Yes. Yes.
Do you have anything to say
to your IoveIy wife on
the day of her birth?
You happy she was born?
Hey, hey!
Today's your birthday?
Yeah,
that's funny, Jack.
JACK: WeII,
you know what?
Wow, your birthday.
It's... You're my wife.
You are my wife.
Today is your birthday.
(KATE LAUGHlNG)
WeII, actuaIIy,
I do have one thing
that I want
to say to you.
And God,
I hope you Iike it.
BiII?
(PLAYlNG PlANO)
Oh, no.
ARNlE: Yes.
You hit it, Bill.
You wore that shirt
Iast year, by the way.
Just so you know.
(SlNGlNG)
Many guys have
come to you
With a Iine
that wasn't true
Oh.
And you passed them by
Passed them by
Now you're
in the center ring
And their Iines
don't mean a thing
Why don't you Iet me try?
Let me try
Now, I don't wear
a diamond ring
I don't even
have a song to sing
AII I know is
Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia
Means I Iove you
La-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia
GUESTS: Aw.
The things I am
saying are true
And the way
I expIain them to you
ARNlE: Get down, Jack.
Yes, to you
Listen to me
La-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia
Means I Iove you
Happy birthday,
sweetheart.
(ALL CHEERlNG)
ARNlE: Yeah.
Yeah, Jack!
There's Iove
in the air.
He Ioves her.
It's officiaI.
There's Iove.
Mmm.
(BARKS)
(ALARM RlNGlNG)
Mmm.
Come on, it's time to
get up, honey. Go, go.
Good morning, Joshie.
(COUGHS)
Happy anniversary,
honey.
Now, listen,
before you do
whatever crazy stunt
you've got planned,
l want you to
open mine first.
Maybe l should wait.
No! Come on !
Come on, come on,
come on. Open it.
"Zeena"?
l found it
at an outlet store.
Look, l know
it's a knockoff,
but l think it's
gonna look great on you.
Oh, enjoy it,
sweetheart.
(LAUGHlNG)
(SlGHS)
Yeah, you're probably
expecting something
from me.
Here's the thing.
(SlGHS)
l hadn't really
planned on giving you
your anniversary gift
until tonight.
You know, anniversary's
good all day.
What are you talking about?
You can never wait all day.
You can't even wait
till it's light out.
Come on !
(LAUGHlNG) l know. l know.
That's me. lt's true.
And. . . But. . .
lt's funny. l. . .
You forgot.
You actually forgot
our anniversary.
l'll fix it.
l'll go out right now
and l'll get you something.
l'll make it right.
Let me know if
there's enough chocolate
in there, sweetheart.
Mmm, not bad.
Good.
l should
have warned you.
Dad always does
something really special
for the anniversary.
Like what?
One year
he had a star
named after her.
He had a star
named after her?
Well, that's nice,
but isn't that
a little corny?
Mom liked it.
Maybe there's
a jewelry store
back at the mall.
l can pick her up
a pair of earrings
or something.
That's good,
but you did forget
the anniversary.
That's right.
And that is
a major oversight.
Okay, okay.
So, if l'm Kate,
l can't afford
the finer things.
My husband's career is
definitely a crushing
disappointment to me.
l'm trapped
in suburbia.
Did he ever take her
to the city?
Now you're
getting the hang of it.
(PlANO PLAYlNG)
(WHlSPERlNG) Jack,
can we afford this place?
l'm taking my baby out
for our anniversary.
Damn the costs.
(WAlTER SPEAKlNG FRENCH)
We'll have the terrine
of quail breast
with shiitake mushrooms
to start.
Then the veal medallions
in raspberry truffle sauce.
And the sea scallops
with pured artichoke hearts.
Very good, sir.
And may l say,
those are all
excellent selections.
You may.
Also, we'll have
a bottle of Lafite, '82.
Honey, that's
an $800 bottle of wine.
We'll just have
some red wine
by the glass.
You are so not
off the hook yet,
slick.
But l'm getting close, right?
You wanna dance?
l don't think there's
dancing here, Jack.
Oh, sure there is.
Come on.
(CHUCKLES)
Not bad for
a tire salesman
from New Jersey.
l have my moments.
KATE: You gotta
try one of these.
Ah.
(LAUGHS)
God, l miss that taste.
l need to
tell you something.
Okay.
(SlGHS)
l think it may help us,
but there's a slight chance
it could make things worse.
l'm living
someone else's. . .
l feel like l'm living
someone else's life.
l remember l used
to walk to work,
and l had a warm bialy
in my hand,
and a hot cup of coffee
from Dean & Deluca,
the crisp feeling of
The Wall Street Journal,
the smell of leather
from my briefcase.
l used to be so sure
about everything,
confident.
You know,
l knew exactly who l was
and what l wanted.
And then one morning,
l woke up,
and suddenly
it was all different.
Worse, do you mean?
No.
Well, maybe a few things,
but mostly just different.
And it's okay.
But l never used to
be like this, Kate.
l was the guy who
had it all figured out.
l had no doubts.
l had no regrets.
And now?
Now l don't.
l don't have it
all figured out.
Me neither.
But you always
seem so certain.
Do you think there
aren't mornings
when l wake up
and wonder, "What the hell
am l doing in New Jersey?"
Yeah.
My office is a dump.
l answer my own phone,
and you've seen
my paycheck.
Your paycheck
is a disgrace
to paychecks.
(LAUGHS)
Can you imagine a life
where everything
was just easy?
You know, like,
where you ask
for things,
and then people
just bring them to you?
lt's wonderful.
(LAUGHlNG)
l think about it, too.
l do.
l wonder about
what kind of life
l would have had if
l hadn't married you.
And?
And then l realize
l've just erased
all the things in my life
that l'm sure about.
You and the kids.
Good things.
Yeah.
What are you sure about?
l'm sure that right now,
there's nowhere else
l'd rather be
than here with you.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Oh.
Oh, Jack.
You like it?
Oh.
(GASPS)
This is beautiful.
(CORK POPS)
Oh !
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
You know champagne
makes me do crazy things.
l'll just fill
yours up to the top.
(SlGHS)
l don't know how
you did it, hoss,
but you pulled it off.
l'm out of the doghouse?
(LAUGHS) Way out.
Happy anniversary,
sweetheart.
You may even get
lucky tonight, Jack.
You're so beautiful.
l already told you,
you were gonna get lucky.
My God.
All this time,
l never
stopped loving you.
That's all
l wanted to hear.
(VlOLlN PLAYlNG)
(HUMMlNG TUNE)
l'm gonna wear
the usual today.
What are you thinking?
You want to come
to work with Dad,
help me sell some tires?
lt's fun.
l'm pretty good at it.
Who's this?
Who's that?
Who is that?
Who's on that tie?
That's Grandpa.
(COOlNG)
Yes.
KATE: Jack!
Have a great day.
(CHUCKLES)
For the money,
this is hands down
the best radial we carry.
Okay. l guess
l'll take them.
You won't regret it.
Tommy, would you
set Mr. Collin up
with four BFGoodrich
g-Force T/As?
And give him 1 0% off
for having
the best costume.
Oh, thank you.
You bet.
Right this way, sir.
Follow me.
Tell me,
does the tire
smell good?
WOMAN OVER PA: Remember
our VaIentine's Day speciaI,
baIance and aIignment
for free!
Hey, how you
doing today?
lt just blew out on me.
Do you have
a tire like that?
l seem to
have some sort
of a blowout here.
Why don't you let me
take this one, Kenny?
Okay, chief.
Peter Lassiter.
Do l know you?
Not exactly.
l've seen you on CNBC.
You look taller
in real life.
Truth is, Mintz was so busy
timing his wife's breathing,
he didn't realize
that Medtech
needed Global more
than the other way around.
Ten days,
two weeks tops,
they would have
approached you
with an offer.
And l'm willing
to bet anything
it would have been
1 30 billion, not 1 22.
The trouble is, Peter,
you had a pussycat
running the show.
What you needed
was a Doberman.
l'm impressed.
l really am.
Now, about my car.
Sure. We're gonna have
to special order that tire,
so it'll be ready
in a couple of days.
All right. This is
my office address.
Why don't you
drop off the car
yourself?
(CHUCKLES)
(DOOR OPENS)
We're really more of
a boutique operation,
as you can see.
But you're not interested
in boutique dollars.
l get it.
He's expecting you,
Mr. Lassiter.
Alan, this is
Jack Campbell,
the one l was
telling you about.
Oh, of course.
Jack. Hi.
Mr. Mintz.
No, no,
just call me Alan.
We like to cultivate
a very casual atmosphere
around here.
l can see that.
Yes. What can l tell you?
Do you have kids?
Actually, yes.
Two of them.
Good ones.
Great, great.
Why don't you
have a seat?
Peter mentioned to me
that you're an avid
CNBC watcher.
But he didn't say
whether you had
any actual
Wall Street experience.
l was a sales associate
at E. F. Hutton.
A broker, really?
And now you're in
the tire business?
That's right.
And auto supply.
ln the retail end,
l understand.
We get about 60%
of our business
from automotive service.
And do you mind me asking
what kind of sales you did
in the last year?
Just ballpark.
We did 1 .7 million
in total revenue.
1 .7. That's great.
And what do you
project for this year?
l think we're gonna
have a banner year.
Sales are up almost 20%
in the first quarter,
and we just landed
a major trucking
company account.
You did?
lsn't that great?
That's terrific.
So that puts you, what,
just a tad over 2 million?
That's right.
And that would make us
number one in our market.
Excuse me. l'm gonna
get a glass of water.
Look, l know our paltry
little $2 million
in sales
is about
what you spend a year
on office supplies.
And some regional
trucking company
account is nothing
compared to
a multi-billion-dollar merger.
No, no, no, no, no.
l'm not trying to
knock the tire business.
lt's okay, Alan.
l get it.
l'm in your shoes,
l'm thinking exactly
the same thing.
But here's the deal.
Business is business.
Wall Street, Main Street,
it's all just
a bunch of people
getting up in the morning,
trying to figure out
how the hell
they're going to
send their kids
to college.
lt's just people,
and l know people.
Oh, l'm sure you do.
Take you,
for instance, Alan.
You have a certain
energy about you,
it's an active kind
of energy.
l wouldn't be surprised
if you drank about
1 6 Diet Cokes a day.
You're
an excellent father,
but you feel guilty
about the time you spend
away from home.
You drink bourbon,
but you offer
your clients scotch.
And your wife
decorated this office.
(LAUGHS)
He certainly seems
to have your number.
You're a little
tougher, Peter.
For one thing,
you like expensive things.
That's easy.
You've seen my car.
(CHUCKLES)
You smoke
Hoyo de Monterreys.
You're a scotch man,
single malt,
not because it's trendy,
but because
you've been doing it
for the last 40 years
and you like to
stay with what works.
You have two great
loves in your life,
your horses
and this company.
And you're a man
who prides himself
in finding talent
in unusual places.
How would you
know that?
Because l'm here.
l'm prepared to do
whatever it takes
to get this job.
l'll start wherever
l have to start.
l'll park cars
if l have to.
The biggest part
of judging character
is knowing yourself,
and l know this:
l can do this job.
l can.
Give me a chance, Peter.
l won't let you down.
Alan, why don't
you show Jack around?
This is our war room.
We did seven major deals
in here last year,
three of them hostile.
Seven?
Yeah.
You get a kind
of a feeling from. . .
Can we cut the shit here
for a minute?
What did you do?
Where did you get
that information?
Did you go
through his wallet?
Did you surf some Net?
Something like that?
lt doesn't really matter
because that circus act
you pulled back there
may have dazzled Lassiter,
but it doesn't cut
any shit with me at all.
Even if you get this job,
which l highly doubt,
let me just give you
just a little word
of warning.
Peter Lassiter gets tired
of his pet projects very,
very, very quickly.
l've got that
big office in there
because l prove myself to him
year after year after year.
And nobody is
gonna come in here
and turn
the old man's head,
especially not
some tire salesman
from New Jersey.
So if you're cautious
and you're quiet,
you watch yourself,
you stay away
from Lassiter,
and maybe l'll think
about keeping you
on here
after he gets bored
with you.
Do we understand
each other?
(LAUGHlNG)
Alan !
God, you really
are different,
aren't you?
Excuse me?
l mean, wow!
l'm impressed.
Good for you.
Are we understanding
each other?
Yes, Alan,
l understand you.
Okay, then.
Good.
Okay. Okay.
Alan !
Keep your eyes closed.
Hold on.
(LAUGHS)
Go ahead.
Open your eyes.
Welcome to Xanadu.
lt's pretty incredible,
isn't it?
lt's like a museum.
Uh-huh.
Look around.
So what's
the big surprise?
You didn't rent this
for the weekend, did you?
Think bigger.
For the week?
This place
is a perk, Kate.
A perk?
Mmm-hmm.
For what?
A company called
P. K. Lassiter
lnvestment House
uses it to
attract new executives.
l'm going into
arbitrage, honey.
lt turns out
l have a knack for it.
Jack, what are
you talking about?
l'll be making twice
what l make now,
plus a hefty bonus.
And that's just a start.
And we can live
in this apartment
practically rent free
until we find
a place of our own.
Are you out
of your mind?
l don't think so.
This is gonna be
a better life
for all of us.
We can put Annie and Josh
into private schools.
Annie goes to
a great school, Jack.
l'm talking about
the best schools
in the country here, Kate.
Jack, what could
you possibly be
thinking about?
What about my. . .
What about my job?
Well, l mean,
this is New York City.
lt's like the needy people
capital of the world.
Your Jersey clients
aren't a tenth as pathetic
as the ones
you could find here.
(LAUGHlNG)
l can't even believe
you're talking
about moving back
into the city, Jack.
l thought the reason
that we left
was because we didn't want
to raise the kids here.
No. No.
This is the center
of the universe.
"lf l were living
in Roman times,
"l would live in Rome.
Where else?
"And today America
is the Roman Empire
"and New York
is Rome itself."
John Lennon.
Jack!
Listen, okay.
Okay, you know something?
l'm detecting, like,
a funky tension here.
And this was supposed
to be a happy day,
so guess what?
l don't need this.
We don't have
to live here.
Forget it.
l'll commute.
l'll drive to work.
God !
ln traffic, Jack,
it's over an hour
each way.
That's like
three hours every day.
When are you ever going
to see the kids?
Kate.
You're not
understanding me.
l'm talking about
a perfect life,
a great life.
Everything we pictured
when we were young.
The whole package.
You said so yourself.
Life has thrown us
a few surprises,
so we made sacrifices.
Well, guess what?
Now, l can finally
get us back on track.
l can do that, Kate.
l want to do that.
l need to do that
as a man !
For all of us.
(SlGHS)
Please just
think about this
for one second.
No more lousy restaurants.
No more clipping coupons.
No more shoveling snow.
Then get a goddamn
snow blower, Jack!
Don't go get a new career
without even telling me
about it!
And don't. . . Don't take
Annie out of a school
that she loves
and don't move us out
of a house we've become
a family in.
(SlGHS)
You're. . . You're. . .
Don't you see?
l'm talking about us
finally having a life
that other people envy.
Oh, Jack.
They already
do envy us.
From London
to New York.
l came back.
When you got on that plane,
l was sure it was over.
l left the airport
afraid l'd never
see you again.
And then you showed up
the very next day.
That was
a good surprise.
You know,
l think about
the decision you made.
Maybe l was being naive,
but l believed
that we would
grow old together
in this house,
that we'd spend
holidays here
and have our grandchildren
come visit us here.
l had this image of us
all gray and wrinkly,
and me working
in the garden,
and you repainting
the deck.
But things change.
lf you need this, Jack,
if you really need this,
l will take these kids
from a life they love,
and l'll take myself
from the only home
we've ever shared together,
and l'll move
wherever you need to go.
l'll do that
because l love you.
l love you,
and that's more
important to me
than our address.
l choose us.
(SNlFFLES)
(GRUNTS)
(EXHALES)
JACK: Mine! Mine!
(ANNlE LAUGHlNG)
(JACK LAUGHlNG)
Oh. l'm gonna
chase you.
You can't catch me.
No, you can't.
You can't.
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
JACK: Oh !
(EXCLAlMlNG)
l fell down.
l knew you'd
come back.
Oh, Annie.
l love you.
(BELL DlNGlNG)
What are you doing?
Ringing my bell.
4.99? lt's just salt,
for God sakes.
CASH: 99 cents, darling.
Out of 1 0.
You.
Jack!
What's up?
How you feeling, baby?
Why are you here?
Here's your change,
darling.
5, 6, 7, 8,
9, 01 .
ls that rock salt?
Look at you, man.
Went and got all
domestic and everything.
(CHUCKLES)
You really figured
some things out, huh?
You're not
sending me back.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Hey, did you hear me?
Wait a second.
l'm talking to you.
You see that?
Character.
And for what,
for 9 bucks?
l mean, that's just
so disappointing.
l'm not going back.
You understand me?
Okay, relax, Jack.
You can't do this.
You can't keep
coming in and out
of people's lives,
messing things up.
lt's not right.
A glimpse, by definition,
is an impermanent thing, Jack.
l've got kids.
l'm going home.
ls it morning yet?
No, honey.
Go back to sleep.
Take care, Annie.
l'm going back to
the mother ship.
Hey.
These past few weeks,
l know l've done some. . .
Some unusual things.
(LAUGHS)
lt's been interesting,
that's for sure.
l've done some good things,
too, though, haven't l?
You've been
Jack Campbell,
and that's always
a good thing.
l need you to
remember me, Kate.
How l am right now,
at this very moment.
l need you to put
that image in your heart
and keep it there.
Keep it with you
no matter what happens.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Please just
promise me.
You have to
promise me, Kate,
because if you don't,
then it's like
it never happened,
and l don't think
l can live with that.
l promise.
Promise me again.
Okay.
Now come to bed.
Soon.
(TELEPHONE RlNGlNG)
Yeah.
MAN ON PHONE:
HeIIo? Mr. CampbeII?
What time is it?
7:30.
Okay.
Are you up?
Yeah.
(EXHALES)
(SlGHS)
Waiting for me
by the door, huh?
Paula.
Wow.
Merry Christmas.
Christmas?
lt's not Christmas.
lt's whatever you
want it to be, Jack.
No, it's not Christmas.
Jack. Jack?
Can l help you?
ls Kate here?
Does Kate live here?
Kate? No.
There's nobody
named Kate here.
Of course not.
You okay?
No.
(CELL PHONE RlNGlNG)
Hello.
Santa Claus,
where are you?
Everybody's here.
Adelle?
You're a half an hour late.
The emergency
strategy session,
trip to Aspen?
ls this ringing
any bells?
Everybody is
panicked here, Jack.
Jack?
l'll be there
in 20 minutes.
MlNTZ: No, no,
l'm not gonna
go talk to them
until l have something
to talk to them about.
Steve. . . Steve, l don't care
if it's Christmas day.
We're in a crisis here.
Wait a minute.
Jack just walked in.
l'll call you back.
Jack. Thank God
that you're. . .
You're here.
Are you all right?
What's going on here?
(CHUCKLlNG)
What's going. . .
Well, it's not good.
Bob Thomas has
been secretly talking
to a European
drug company, Jack,
and we don't know which one.
And they're gonna let Bob
buy a minority stake,
and, at the same time,
let him keep running
the entire company.
And Global knows, Jack.
They know.
l don't know
how they know,
but they know.
And they're up in arms.
And they think, somehow,
we should have been
prepared for this.
(CHUCKLES) Prepared !
Oh, God,
we're in trouble.
You know something,
Alan?
Somewhere
inside of you,
there's a much more
assertive person.
ls this another
one of those Sun Tzu
Art of War tricks?
(LAUGHS)
No.
So, what are we
gonna do, Jack?
Jack?
l'll tell you exactly
what we're going to do.
You're going to do
whatever you have to do
to find out
which European company
he's been talking to.
Then l'm going to
clean myself up,
fly to Aspen
and drink eggnog
with Bob Thomas.
His wife and kids
will be playing
in the background,
in the snow,
while l convince him
that the European company
is the devil
and Global
is the answer
to his prayers.
Then l'm gonna
spend four hours
skiing, alone.
Completely and
utterly alone.
l'm going to do that
because that is my life.
That's what's real,
and there's nothing
l can do to change that.
For Manhattan.
Kate Reynolds.
l need an address, too.
lt's very fragile,
so l want you to be
very careful with it, okay?
lt's valuable.
lt's over 300 years old.
You'll probably need
a few guys to carry it.
MAN: All right.
LORl: And the painting
is also very, very old,
so take extra care.
lt means a lot
to Kate, okay?
l appreciate it.
Yeah? What?
Are you from
the moving company?
l'm Jack Campbell.
l'm an old friend
of Kate's.
Kate, some guy is here.
KATE: Hey, Lori,
did you call the airline
like l asked you to do?
lt's like
two hours. . . Jack.
Kate.
God, it's been
a long time.
You look. . .
You look great.
Thanks.
l. . . Come on in.
Come on in.
l'm just doing some. . .
Lori, do you know
where those boxes are?
l'm sorry.
No, no, no, no!
You know what. . . Jack.
Don't. . . Please.
l don't even care.
Oh, great. Thank you.
What's going on?
l'm moving to Paris.
Hey, Lori,
have you seen that box?
lt says "Jack" on it.
And l put it
with the rest of
the Salvation Army stuff.
Do you want me to
look for the box or
call the airline, Kate?
Hey, kind of under
a little pressure here.
Hey, kind of
giving up Christmas day
for my ex-boss here.
Hey, didn't seem to
mind offering to help
when she was
opening the Prada bag
l gave her.
Maybe it's by
the wardrobe boxes.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So you're moving.
Yeah, to Paris.
My firm has an office there.
l'm gonna be heading it up.
Paris. Paris, France?
That's the one.
So, you're. . . You're
not at a nonprofit firm?
(LAUGHS) God, no,
not with what
they pay me.
Are you married?
No, l never got
married, Jack. You?
Not exactly.
Look, could we
take a minute here,
maybe go get a cup of
coffee or something?
l'll go for a cup
of coffee.
Yes. l found it.
Congratulations.
Your earlier flight
was canceled,
but l got you
out of Kennedy
on United at 7:00.
Excellent.
Am l good or what?
Yes, you're brilliant.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Here you go. lt's just
some old stuff of yours.
Do you ever think
about us, Kate?
About what might
have happened?
Jack, l'll tell you what.
lf you're ever in Paris,
l want you to look me up
and we'll go have
that cup of coffee, okay?
Or caf. Or caf au lait.
Oh, wait.
No, no, no, no!
Don't close that up.
l will never find
this box again.
LORl: l marked it, okay?
'Cause l need you
to leave it.
Just be more
specific next time.
LORl: Okay,
we'll leave it open then.
l was just trying
to close it up, so. . .
KATE: Don't.
Make a right here.
DRlVER: Sir, you're gonna
be late for your flight.
We're not going
to the airport.
You can't
leave this here.
You can't park here!
Kate! You can't go.
Don't get on that plane.
Jack?
Please, let's just go
have a cup of coffee.
That's all l'm asking for.
l'm sure there's
another flight to
Paris tonight.
Jack. What are
you doing here?
Do you need closure?
Because if you do
after all these years,
you got it.
l'm okay.
l'm fine.
l. . . l was
heartbroken, Jack,
but l got over it,
l moved on.
And you should
move on, too.
Okay? l'm sorry.
l just can't. . .
l've gotta go.
l'm sorry, Jack.
l'm sorry. Excuse me.
Can l just. . .
l'm sorry.
l was here.
We have a house
in Jersey!
We have two kids.
Annie and Josh.
Annie's not much
of a violin player,
but she tries real hard.
She's a little precocious,
but that's only
because she says
what's on her mind.
And when she smiles. . .
And Josh,
he has your eyes.
He doesn't say much,
but we know he's smart.
He's always
got his eyes open.
You know, he's
always watching us.
Sometimes you can
look at him
and you just know
he's learning
something new.
lt's like witnessing
a miracle.
The house is a mess,
but it's ours.
After 1 22 more payments,
it's going to be ours.
And you, you're
a nonprofit lawyer.
That's right. You're
completely nonprofit.
But that doesn't
seem to bother you.
And we're in love.
After 1 3 years
of marriage,
we're still
unbelievably in love.
You won't even
let me touch you
till l've said it.
l sing to you.
Not all the time,
but definitely on
special occasions.
And we've. . .
We've dealt
with our share
of surprises
and made a lot
of sacrifices,
but we stayed together.
You see,
you're a better
person than l am,
and it made me
a better person
to be around you.
l don't know. Maybe it
was all just a dream.
Maybe l went to bed
one lonely night
in December
and l imagined it all,
but l swear,
nothing's ever
felt more real.
And if you get on
that plane right now,
it'll disappear forever.
l know we could both
go on with our lives
and we'd both be fine.
But l've seen
what we could
be like together.
And l choose us.
Please, Kate.
One cup of coffee.
You can always
go to Paris.
Just, please,
not tonight.
Okay, Jack.
Okay.